Fix a few typos (#2419)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/introduction/tutorials/galaxy-intro-ngs-data-managment/tutorial.md

> 1. Run {% tool [Faster Download and Extract Reads in FASTQ](toolshed.g2.bx.psu.edu/repos/iuc/sra_tools/fasterq_dump/2.10.9+galaxy0) %} with the following parameters:
>    - *"select input type"*: `List of SRA accession, one per line`
>        - The parameter {% icon param-file %} *"sra accession list"* should point the output of the {% icon tool %} "**Cut**" from the previous step.

> >    - **Click** the `Execute` button. This will run the tool, which retrieves the sequence read datasets for the runs that were listed in the `SRA` dataset. It may take some time. So this may be a good time to go get coffee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>    - **Click** the `Execute` button. This will run the tool, which retrieves the sequence read datasets for the runs that were listed in the `SRA` dataset. It may take some time. So this may be a good time to take a break.
```

Author: I don't think there's anything wrong with "go get coffee" - it's the author's style, I would leave it as is.

Reviewer: Maybe I've been living in UK for too long, but I think "take a break" saves from debates about what's the best drink between tea and coffee :D

Author: Indeed it does. That is a fine point I haven't considered. Now I feel compelled to accept the suggestion :smile:

>    - **`fasterq-dump log`** Contains Information about the tool execution
{: .hands_on}

> The first three items are actually *collections* of datasets.  *Collections* in Galaxy are logical groupings of datasets that reflect the semantic relationships between them in the experiment / analysis.  In this case the tool creates a separate collection for paired-end reads, single reads, and *other*. See the [Collections tutorial](https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/galaxy-interface/tutorials/collections/tutorial.html) and watch [videos](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLNFLKDpdM3B9UaxWEXgziHXO3k-003FzE) (with names beginning with "Dataset Collections") for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first three items are actually *collections* of datasets. *Collections* in Galaxy are logical groupings of datasets that reflect the semantic relationships between them in the experiment / analysis. In this case the tool creates separate collections for paired-end reads, single reads, and *other*. See the [Collections tutorial](https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/galaxy-interface/tutorials/collections/tutorial.html) and watch [videos](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLNFLKDpdM3B9UaxWEXgziHXO3k-003FzE) (with names beginning with "Dataset Collections") for more information.
```
